README.md, before:

# Coding Challenges

## Arrays

### Useful links

### Problems

![](tags/easy.svg)

- [26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/README.md)
- [1. Two Sum](two-sum/README.md)

## Linked Lists

### Useful links

- [Fast and Slow pointer pattern](https://medium.com/@arifimran5/fast-and-slow-pointer-pattern-in-linked-list-43647869ac99)

### Problems

![](tags/easy.svg)

- [21. Merge Two Sorted Lists](merge-two-sorted-lists/README.md)
- [876. Middle of the Linked List](middle-of-the-linked-list/README.md)
- [141. Linked List Cycle](linked-list-has-cycle/README.md)

![](tags/medium.svg)

- [19. Remove Nth node from end of LinkedList](remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/README.md)
- [142. Linked List Cycle II](linked-list-cycle-II/README.md)

## Trees

### Useful links

### Problems

![](tags/easy.svg)

- [94. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](binary-tree-inorder-traversal/README.md)
- [101. Symmetric Tree](symmetric-tree/README.md)

## Heaps

### Useful links

- [Heap Visualization](https://www.cs.usfca.edu/~galles/visualization/Heap.html)

### Problems

## Math

### Useful links

- [Recurrence Relations](<https://math.libretexts.org/Bookshelves/Combinatorics_and_Discrete_Mathematics/Applied_Discrete_Structures_(Doerr_and_Levasseur)/08%3A_Recursion_and_Recurrence_Relations/8.03%3A_Recurrence_Relations>)

### Problems

![](tags/easy.svg)

- [509. Fibonacci Number](fibonacci-number/README.md)

Commit message:

2259. Remove Digit From Number to Maximize Result (#11)
* 2259. Remove Digit From Number to Maximize Result

* 2259. Remove Digit From Number to Maximize Result

README.md, after:

# Coding Challenges

## Arrays/Strings

### Useful links

### Problems

![](tags/easy.svg)

- [26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/README.md)
- [1. Two Sum](two-sum/README.md)
- [2259. Remove Digit From Number to Maximize Result](remove-digit-from-number-to-maximize-result/README.md)

## Linked Lists

### Useful links

- [Fast and Slow pointer pattern](https://medium.com/@arifimran5/fast-and-slow-pointer-pattern-in-linked-list-43647869ac99)

### Problems

![](tags/easy.svg)

- [21. Merge Two Sorted Lists](merge-two-sorted-lists/README.md)
- [876. Middle of the Linked List](middle-of-the-linked-list/README.md)
- [141. Linked List Cycle](linked-list-has-cycle/README.md)

![](tags/medium.svg)

- [19. Remove Nth node from end of LinkedList](remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/README.md)
- [142. Linked List Cycle II](linked-list-cycle-II/README.md)

## Trees

### Useful links

### Problems

![](tags/easy.svg)

- [94. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](binary-tree-inorder-traversal/README.md)
- [101. Symmetric Tree](symmetric-tree/README.md)

## Heaps

### Useful links

- [Heap Visualization](https://www.cs.usfca.edu/~galles/visualization/Heap.html)

### Problems

## Math

### Useful links

- [Recurrence Relations](<https://math.libretexts.org/Bookshelves/Combinatorics_and_Discrete_Mathematics/Applied_Discrete_Structures_(Doerr_and_Levasseur)/08%3A_Recursion_and_Recurrence_Relations/8.03%3A_Recurrence_Relations>)

### Problems

![](tags/easy.svg)

- [509. Fibonacci Number](fibonacci-number/README.md)
